readme.md, before:

![](http://shep.info.s3.amazonaws.com/shep.jpg)

# Shep.info

## Changelog

### 1.0.0-rc5

- Fix autoscroll on new message.
- Remove Pictos font in favor of PNGs. Firefox is the worst.
- Sign out of IRC and save session on window.onbeforeunload event.

### 1.0.0-rc4 2012/05/03

- Upgrade to Node 0.6.15
- Implement connect-assets for javascript delivery.
- Remove docco docs.
- Rearrange folder structure.
- Channel routing works for predefined channels.
- No Channel Add/Remove yet.

### 1.0.0-rc3 2012/04/25

- Save chat names to session
- Ignore space and return key when cursor is in .chat-name
- Improve console logging of IRC events, add colors.
- Add IRC listener for QUIT.
- Save logged in status to session to prevent rerendering of chat.

### 1.0.0-rc2 2012/04/22

- New logo, hosted on S3.
- Change Github references from itpirl to shep.info.
- Package javascripts to one request.
- Implement sessions with Redis.
- Call changeNick only to the targeted user and not for all users. This fixes
  the random naming bug.

### 1.0.0-rc1 2012/04/19

- Show loading screen until client is logged in to IRC.
- Switch to UIKit powered prompts, remove cancel option.
- User list based on IRC /NAMES. Updates on join, part and nick events.
- Consolidate much of client side scripting into Backbone.

### 0.9.0 - 2012/04/12

- No longer called "itpirl"
- Brand new design.
- Improving design of code.
- Blink title of page when a message is received and the window is out of focus.

### 0.8.0 - 2012/03/28

- Create a separate IRC Client instance for every itpirl.com user.
- Route messages from Now.js => IRC => Now.js.
- Create custom message receive and distribute methods.
- Move files from app/ to lib/ and split CoffeeScripts between client and server.

### 0.7.4 - 2012/03/21

- Fluid layout with minimum width of 960px. This fixes the scrollbars issue.
- Functional, ugly, user list.

### 0.7.3 - 2012/03/20

- Improve colors and layout.
- Allow users to change their name w/o refresh
- Notify chatroom when users join and leave.

### 0.7.2 - 2012/03/19

- Fix wordwrapping in chat messages with word-wrap:break-word;
- Implement feedback widget, posting to cakemix.

### 0.7.1 - 2012/03/19 10:30am

- Log messages to www.itpcakemix.com
- Watch for messages to 'shep' or 'shepbot' for chat highlighting

### 0.7.0 - 2012/03/18

First version with a version number.

- Chat using irc.freenode.net and one instance of a chat client
- Calendar from itp-api.info is broken.
- Consecutive messages from the same sender are styled as such.
- Highlight shep and self messages.
- Insert `<a>` tags for urls starting with http or https.
- Format message text for bold (`**bold**`) and italic (`*italic*`), but do so sloppily.

Commit message:

Handle erroneous nickname error from IRC.

readme.md, after:

![](http://shep.info.s3.amazonaws.com/shep.jpg)

# Shep.info

## Changelog

### 1.0.0-rc5

- Revert to old nickname when requested nickname throws an error.
- Fix fitHeight bug by changing order in which chat elements render.
- Fix autoscroll on new message.
- Remove Pictos font in favor of PNGs. Firefox is the worst.
- Sign out of IRC and save session on window.onbeforeunload event.

### 1.0.0-rc4 2012/05/03

- Upgrade to Node 0.6.15
- Implement connect-assets for javascript delivery.
- Remove docco docs.
- Rearrange folder structure.
- Channel routing works for predefined channels.
- No Channel Add/Remove yet.

### 1.0.0-rc3 2012/04/25

- Save chat names to session
- Ignore space and return key when cursor is in .chat-name
- Improve console logging of IRC events, add colors.
- Add IRC listener for QUIT.
- Save logged in status to session to prevent rerendering of chat.

### 1.0.0-rc2 2012/04/22

- New logo, hosted on S3.
- Change Github references from itpirl to shep.info.
- Package javascripts to one request.
- Implement sessions with Redis.
- Call changeNick only to the targeted user and not for all users. This fixes
  the random naming bug.

### 1.0.0-rc1 2012/04/19

- Show loading screen until client is logged in to IRC.
- Switch to UIKit powered prompts, remove cancel option.
- User list based on IRC /NAMES. Updates on join, part and nick events.
- Consolidate much of client side scripting into Backbone.

### 0.9.0 - 2012/04/12

- No longer called "itpirl"
- Brand new design.
- Improving design of code.
- Blink title of page when a message is received and the window is out of focus.

### 0.8.0 - 2012/03/28

- Create a separate IRC Client instance for every itpirl.com user.
- Route messages from Now.js => IRC => Now.js.
- Create custom message receive and distribute methods.
- Move files from app/ to lib/ and split CoffeeScripts between client and server.

### 0.7.4 - 2012/03/21

- Fluid layout with minimum width of 960px. This fixes the scrollbars issue.
- Functional, ugly, user list.

### 0.7.3 - 2012/03/20

- Improve colors and layout.
- Allow users to change their name w/o refresh
- Notify chatroom when users join and leave.

### 0.7.2 - 2012/03/19

- Fix wordwrapping in chat messages with word-wrap:break-word;
- Implement feedback widget, posting to cakemix.

### 0.7.1 - 2012/03/19 10:30am

- Log messages to www.itpcakemix.com
- Watch for messages to 'shep' or 'shepbot' for chat highlighting

### 0.7.0 - 2012/03/18

First version with a version number.

- Chat using irc.freenode.net and one instance of a chat client
- Calendar from itp-api.info is broken.
- Consecutive messages from the same sender are styled as such.
- Highlight shep and self messages.
- Insert `<a>` tags for urls starting with http or https.
- Format message text for bold (`**bold**`) and italic (`*italic*`), but do so sloppily.
